API Gateway Tool Research Preference:
1. APIGee SaaS
2. Akana SaaS
3. NGinx
4. Axway
5. API Connect (IBM Tool)
6. Ocelot (Ramesh going to research more)

APIGee:
Previously they had Limitation/restriction of how many User can be enrolled into the system: Only 20-25 users were allowed when they explored 2 years back. 
Check on this currently. If it has changed.
It is due to this reason why Bayer did not migrate to this tool previously.
If there is a limitation in the number of users, then we will not have visibility and Audit.

Akana SaaS:
It is available as Saas as well as Hybird solution.
Explore more on SaaS solution.

Nginx:
Still maturing, primarily come into Proxy, recently started added API management features.
It is expanding its market.
Evaluating is a good option.
Pros:
Can be used as both Web Proxy and API Proxy.
Cons:
Nginx is not a SaaS solution. Need to host and maintian independently.

Ocelot:
Ocelot we can create route for API as well as Web
We don't have visibility for logs out of box. We have to redirect logs to Kibana/Splunk for visibility.
Ocelot does have a timeout? - Ramesh check and let us know
Weather Ocelot can be used as a Open source product? - Ramesh to check on this
Add more custom policies not feasible in Ocelot
 
Axway:
Evaluate Axway (SaaS) solution - https://www.axway.com/en/products/api-management/gateway

API Gateway:
Limitation
30 seconds timeout limitation.

API Connect:
Explore on this IBM Tool - https://www.ibm.com/cloud/api-connect

When selecting a tool, point to take care of -
When hosting ourselves we have to do stress and performance test of the tool but when used as a SaaS it is available out of the box

From Ramesh:
Check more on Ocelot
Provide API Features document for evaulation matrix purpose
Provide Gartner Report ratings

Todos:
When Ramesh asked for the features we are looking for in API Gateway tool, this is the list we provided in the order of high-to-low
    >Authenticate and authorize
    >API Timeout to be around 2 mins which Bayer Akana provides currently
    >Hosting, Configuration and Maintainence
    >Cost
    >Check Gateway Logs
    >Common gateway tool for Web and API URLs.
Need to evaulate this list based on API features document provided by Ramesh and rate the features accordingly and share it with Ramesh
Emiliano to explore various API Gateway options provided in the research preference and get back to Ramesh