Meeting with Jason from AWS Team:

API Gateway:
-----------
1. Currently our existing system has some features to stream reports and do some complex searches. API Gateway tool has a request timeout of 30 seconds due to which these requests fail. Is there any option to increase this limit to 2 minutes on request?
Can you please clarify which timeout value/configuration your experiencing a 30 second timeout?  
Resp:
Below is a link to the soft/hard limits of the service.
API Gateway Limits and Known Issues - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/limits.html

`Integration timeout` is the hard limit and cannot be configured.

Options suggested:
1. Ideally if service are using >30 seconds, we need to look back and refactor the code to use call back logic with lambda or check using Step functions.
AWS suggests splitting apart the reports that are causing the 5 minute connections, data request, data aggregation, and report delivery. AWS step functions might be a good solution.
2. Check about Websocket API which has timeout of 2 hours (but has issues with lot of connections)
3. No request exists currently to increase API Gateway limit. Jason would check with AWS Product Management team to check if the request can be raised to increase the hard limit 
 

2. Can API Gateway be used for proxying both Web and REST APIs?

Yes, both.  Links below contain additional information.
i.     Creating, Deploying, and Invoking a WebSocket API - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-websocket-api.html
ii.     Creating a REST API - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/how-to-create-api.html

Does API Gateway use Cloud Watch for logging?

Yes.  X-ray and CloudTrail logging are also available.  Link below contains additional information.
i.     Tracing, Logging, and Monitoring and API Gateway API https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/monitoring_overview.html

 
Manage and view large set of APIs in API Gateway 
Jason to check on this with AWS Team if there is any option to organize API Gateway Console by functional categories
If you need help looking at / managing services, you should look at Swagger and swagger import if the AWS console isn't giving the support you need
 
 It should be possible to set up API Gateway to use Cognito to ensure the user is logged in and pass that user's metadata to the service to use.
 
AWS MKS:
--------
=> Support encryption in-flight?
 Jason to talk to actual Product Managers about the services and ask to prioritize these things for us
=> Authorization/admin provileges?
 Wasn't sure about this, Jason to talk to actual Product Managers about this.


Cloud Formation vs Terraform:
-----------------------------
What's your suggestion?
Its the choice. Terraform supports newer features more quickly for AWS resources than AWS CloudFormation

If using Terraform use licensed version and not open source version. But for CloudFormation AWS provided the support and updates. In that case, Jason recommend using CloudFormation.


AWS Cognito:
------------
Cognito backups?
Actively being worked on, Jason would check and see where the roadmap

High integration with other AWS services
New features support

Authorization to use Cognito tool?
setup IAM policies for that


Search native search first and if there are gaps which Cognito doesn't provide we can talk to Cognito product manager


ECS on Fargate:
-------------
Container management system
ECS with Fargate more preferrable. 

Fargate works with ECS and does not work with EKS


Service to increase RDS backups retention period:
Check AWS Backups service


Cloud Watch / Kibana:
---------------------
For lower AWS native series logging easily captured in CloudWatch
Application logs - Elastic Search + Kibana would be ideal
Always enable Cloud Watch metrics around any AWS resources







