Kafka Notes:

Options to explore with precedence (high-low)

AWS MKS Service:
Pros:
Managed directly by AWS
Pay as you use. No additional license fee
Easy maintainability
Cons:
It is in Public Preview phase. Not matured yet.
Todo:
Check with AWS team about the roadmap of the product maturity, if product would be matured by next year especially handling encryption in-flight.

Confluent Kafka as a Service:
Pros:
Hosted as a service with Confluent UI and other components.
Liable SLA and good response time - Package as a service make it more usable and 
Pay is more
Cons:
Subscription required. Charge is per topic basis. Cost would be more. 
Need to check with Confluent team
Todo:
Confluent UI should have controls to manage and connect to enterprise IDM.
Research on that

AWS Kineses:
Check if can be an alternative solution to migrate our applications to Kineses
Check AWS Kinesis throughput.

Host Independent Kafka Instance:
Datahub team has Terraform scripts to setup a new Kafka cluster integrating with other components like Elastic search, Grafana, Kibana.
Monitoring, Logging -> Those can be levarage directly, Share ansible playbooks, nod dependency on Portal. 
Cons:
Kafka Portal is written by Datahub team and completely coupled with Bayer infrastructure like Velocity/PAPI and other Bayer accounts, cannot be used directly. If we need to change that it would be a significant account. This tool was built with the assumption that it will be used by Bayer employees.
Services which Bayer Kafka Portal provides currently:
Authorization
Managing topics
Manage permissions
ACLs
Manage shell access
Reading Kafka process
Manage replication process
To use Bayer Kafka, MOnsanto Engineer Group has to review and sign off.
Need a dedicated resource - One Kafka Engineer, One DevOps eng, One AWS developer required.
Certainly not manage yourself unless you have a dedicated resource for handling upgrades, patches, help figuring out issues etc.
This would cost same as alternatively paying for Confluent Cloud as a Service


Needs ISO Review and approval
